A few years ago, my company started adopting the principles behind continuous delivery.
We saw a remarkable change in just about every aspect of
our development process and client satisfaction in just a matter of weeks.
Before this shift, we did just okay as a company,
we had no problem at all writing software.
Our development team was,
and still is, the best I've ever seen.
We were eyeballs deep with Scrum and Agile.
We felt like we were doing everything right.
But even still, our clients were often
unhappy and weren't renewing contracts or referring their friends.
It turns out, we needed to make a change,
but not in how we develop the software.
The change needed to be in how we delivered the software.
Even though we said we were an Agile company and we said all the Agile things,
had all the Agile t-shirts,
and went to all the Agile conferences,
have very little impact on our way of thinking about software delivery.
We deployed artifacts, but it was not always valuable working software.
We had sprints, but
not many planning meetings were focused on getting value to the client sooner.
Clients were unhappy because even though work was happening,
they never felt forward motion.
They needed a team that could deliver value.
You see, continuous delivery pushes you to deliver valuable working software,
more frequently, pure, and simple.
By deliver, I mean,
put it in somebody's hands to start using and generating value.
That's what we needed to tie together all of our impressive development practices.
We tweaked our process,
sometimes in big ways,
other times in small ways until we got to
the point where we were delivering working features,
one by one every two days.
The results have been phenomenal.
In a matter of weeks,
unhappy clients fell back in love with us.
New clients have consistently renewed contracts and
referred their friends and we got an added bonus.
It turns out, it's a lot more fun to deliver features and watch them delight
real users than it is to batch up features for months waiting for some big release.